Mojang just said that the creeper
wouldn't be added in today's Minecraft,
and that's so stupid. One of Mojang's
rules in Minecraft is that everything
should be technically the player's
fault, so they won't add natural
disasters or things like that. This is a
good way to design the game, but Mojang
is taking it way too far, making future
game drops less interesting. The main
example is the creeper, which apparently
wouldn't be added in today's Minecraft
because getting blown up by a creeper is
somehow not the player's fault. You can
light up an area, sleep through the
night, use a shield, or just pay
attention to your surroundings to avoid
getting blown up by creepers. If you
don't do these things, then it's your
fault that you got blown up. But somehow
Mojang thinks this isn't the player's
fault. The only reason it isn't the
player's fault is if they don't know how
a creeper works. But that's fine if they
don't. You can learn how a creeper works
by getting blown up. Failure is a part
of the game. Not knowing how a mob works
is such a broad definition of what isn't
the player's fault that so many beloved
features wouldn't get added now. And
that's a tragedy because unexpected
things happening in the game makes the
game more interesting.